Privacy Policy:
Last updated: February 25, 2022

1. DEFINITIONS
2. DATA COLLECTION
3. USE OF DATA
4. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
5. OTHER PROVISIONS
6. CONTACT US

1. DEFINITIONS

"hardware ID": A string that uniquely and consistently identifies a given specific machine or device.
"IP address" and "IP": Unique string of characters that your device uses to send Internet Protocols.
"headset": The device you are running the game on.
"I", "we", "us", "our" and "Fishy Games": The developer(s).
"services", "game": Games/services developed and published by Fishy Games

2. DATA COLLECTION

A. Hardware ID
Your hardware ID gets collected by PlayFab to log into your PlayFab/Fish Game account.

B. IP Address
Your IP address gets stored on your PlayFab/Fish Game account.

C. Removal of PlayFab/Fish Game account
If you are unhappy with the data collected and you want your account and all data tied to you deleted, you may contact us as described in Section 6 below.

3. USE OF DATA

We use your information for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, and for administrative/moderation purposes, as described below.

A: IP Address
As stated in Section 2A, your IP address gets stored on your PlayFab/Fish Game account and is only be used for IP bans and other moderation purposes.

B: Third-party services
We do not have any control over our third-party services, if you are interested in knowing more information please read the privacy policy for our third-party services listed bellow:
PlayFab - https://playfab.com/terms/
Photon - https://dashboard.photonengine.com/en/Account/PrivacyAndCookiePolicy
This section will be updated as more services get added to our game(s).

4. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION

The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.

If you are a parent or guardian and wish to review information collected from your child, or have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us as described in Section 6 below. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of applicable law, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account and/or revert them to the underage experience, as applicable.

5. OTHER PROVISIONS

Third-Party Websites/Applications. The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal information to third-party websites or applications is at your own risk.

Supervisory Authority. If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or Brazil, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.

Changes to our Privacy Policy. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you continue to use our Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect.

6. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Email: fishygamesvr@gmail.com
